# Question 1
Please define what each HTTP verb does. Then, provide an example of when you would use it.

- GET
- POST
- PUT/PATCH
- DELETE

# Answer
HTTP verbs, better known as HTTP methods, are action keywords that are sent in HTTP requests so that servers in communication know what kind of request it is receiving. The methods, which can be understood through CRUD operations, are listed below:

1. `GET` - To retrieve data from the server without modifying it (ex. reading a resource, such as fetching user profiles). Using CRUD operations as an example, GET would be READ.

2. `POST` - To create or submit data to the server (e.g., adding or uploading new resources, such as a new user registration). Note that making two identical POSTs will duplicate the resource. POST would be CREATE.

3. `PUT` - To replace an entire resource in the server (e.g., updating a user's profile completely). Multiple identical requests will update the same resource. PUT would be UPDATE.

4. `PATCH` - To update some but not all data in the server (e.g., applying partial updates to a resource, such as updating just a user's email address). Multiple identical requests will update the same resource. PATCH would be UPDATE

5. `DELETE` - To delete a resource (e.g., deleting a user account). Multiple identical requests will result in a request to delete the same resource. DELETE would be the same, DELETE.

Also, a concept to keep in mind is that HTTP methods can be classified as safe or not safe by their **idempotency**.

If a request is idempotent, it means that the request can be safely repeated without unintended effects, **only executing once despite being called multiple times**. This ensures that retrying a request will not mistakenly perform the same operation twice or cause other issues.

APIs use idempotency to avoid issues such as duplicate transactions or accidental modifications, allowing for safe retries of requests (crucial for client-side applications). For example, an idempotent operation can safely be retried if a network failure occurs, preventing issues like charging a user twice for the same payment. Also, if you make a request to delete a user, doing it multiple times won't result in multiple deletions; the user is just deleted once.

While `GET`, `PUT`, and `DELETE` methods are generally idempotent and repeatable without any side effects, `POST` and `PATCH` methods may not be. `POST`, used for creating new resources, could lead to multiple creations if retried. `PATCH`, on the other hand, can be idempotent if it just sets a specific value, but it ceases to be when its update depends on the current state of the resource.

# Teacher Feedback