# Question 5
What are the two arguments that we pass into `fetch` and what do they do? What does `fetch` return?

# Answer
The two arguments that we can pass into `fetch` are a URL and an optional Options object.

- **URL**: The API endpoint or resource you want to fetch. It specifies where our fetch should send its request to.

- **Options object**: This is where we configure the request. It includes things like the HTTP method (e.g., POST, PUT), headers, body content, and other settings. If we don't provide this, fetch defaults to a GET request.

**Fetch Example Structure:**
```js
fetch(url, {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer your-token-here'
 },
  body: JSON.stringify(data),
})
```

Fetch returns a **promise** that resolves to a `Response` object. This object represents the response to your request, which we usually convert to JSON using `response.json()`. We do this to parse/extract the readable stream data into something we can utilize with JavaScript and DOM manipulation. Note that this returns another promise, resolving to the actual data we want, to be used in our application.

In summary, fetch is like sending a letter (request) to a server (URL). The options object is like writing specific instructions for the server, and the promise returned by fetch is like waiting for the server to reply with a response. Once we get the response, we open it, using JSON as our knife to see the contents (data) inside. Fetching is all asynchronous because different URLs have varied-sized data that will take different times to load and finish fetching/parsing.


# Teacher Feedback